Add robot CLI commands for Playwright installer (#3194)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/robot_playwright.rst

=============================================
Experimental Playwright Support
=============================================

Since its inception, CumulusCI has relied on Selenium to provide the
foundation of our browser automation keywords.

In 2020, Microsoft introduced a new browser automation tool named
`Playwright <https://playwright.dev/>`_.
Playwright is a ground-up reinvention of a browser automation
library that aims to address several shortcomings of Selenium.  For
example, playwright has built-in support for waiting for elements to
appear, for working with the shadow DOM, video capture of a testing
session, and so on.

In 2021 the Robot Framework project introduced the
`Browser <https://robotframework-browser.org/>`_ library which adds

> keywords based on top of Playwright.

Reviewer: "Based on top of" rings strange to me. Are they keywords that control Playwright? Keywords that use the Playwright API? Keywords based on Playwright? Keywords from Playwright?

Author: How about _"...which adds keywords that use the Playwright API"_?

Background: Playwright itself is a library that knows nothing about keywords; Browser is the keyword library that uses the functions in the playwright library. 

I sure wish the robot folks had named the library PlaywriteLibrary rather than Browser. I think that might have made some of this less confusing.

Starting with CumulusCI version 3.58.0, we are providing experimental
support for Playwright and the Browser library in CumulusCI.

Installation
------------

We have not yet bundled Playwright and the Browser library with
CumulusCI. However, we have provided a script to make it easy to

> install or uninstall support for Playwright while we continue to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
install or uninstall Playwright and the Browser library while we continue to work
```

> on fully supporting them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on fully supporting it.
```

Step 1: Install Node.js
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Playwright is based on Node.js, and requires node to be installed. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright is based on Node.js, and requires ``node`` to be installed. You
```

> may already have Node.js installed, but if not you can find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already have Node.js installed, you can find
```

a Node.js installer for your platform on the
`Node.js downloads page <https://nodejs.org/en/download/>`_.

.. warning:: You must have Node.js installed before continuing with these instructions.

> Step 2: Run the playwright installation command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Run the Playwright installation command
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installing the browser library requires a couple of manual steps, which we've
automated in a single script. This script does three things:

* it verifies that Node.js has been installed
* it downloads and installs the Browser keyword library
* it downloads and installs the Node.js modules and drivers for
  playwright.

.. note::

>    The installation of playwright contains drivers for all supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The installation of Playwright contains drivers for all supported
```

   browsers, so there's no need to manually install drivers such as

>    chromedriver. It works right out of the box!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ChromeDriver. It works right out of the box!
```

> To run the script you need to make sure your working directory is at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you run the script, make sure your working directory is at
```

> the root of your repository. Then, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the root of your repository. You can then run the script with the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci robot install_playwright

.. tip::

   You can use the ``--dry_run`` (or ``-n``) option to see what the
   command will do without actually installing anything.

Running an example test
-----------------------

> As mentioned earlier, this is an experimental release of playwright

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned earlier, this is an experimental release of Playwright
```

> integration, so any CumulusCI keywords that rely on selenium won't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integration, so any CumulusCI keywords that rely on Selenium won't
```

> work. However, the following example shows off how easy it can be to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work. However, the following example shows how easy it can be to
```

> write playwright-based test with off-the-shelf `keywords provided by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
write Playwright-based tests with off-the-shelf `keywords provided by
```

the Browser library
<https://marketsquare.github.io/robotframework-browser/Browser.html>`_

.. code-block:: robotframework

    *** Settings ***
    Resource     cumulusci/robotframework/Salesforce.robot
    Library      Browser

    Suite Setup  Open test browser

    *** Keywords ***
    Open test browser
        New Browser  chromium  headless=false
        ${url}=      Login URL
        New Page     ${url}
        Wait until network is idle

    *** Test Cases ***

    Go to user profile
        Click    button:has-text("View profile")
        Click    .profile-card-name .profile-link-label

        Wait until network is idle
        Take screenshot

    Go to contacts home
        Click            button:has-text("App Launcher")
        Fill text        input[placeholder='Search apps and items...']  Contacts
        Click            one-app-launcher-menu-item:has-text("Contacts")

        Wait until network is idle
        Take screenshot

To run the test, save the above code in a .robot file (eg:
example.robot) and then run it with the standard robot task:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cci task run robot --suites example.robot

Things to notice
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This example test is not able to use any of the existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example test is unable to use any of the existing
```

> selenium-based keywords. For that reason, this test creates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selenium-based keywords. For that reason, this test creates
```

a new ``Open Test Browser`` that uses the Browser keywords
`New Browser
<https://marketsquare.github.io/robotframework-browser/Browser.html#New%20Browser>`_
and `New Page
<https://marketsquare.github.io/robotframework-browser/Browser.html#New%20Page>`_
to open the browser.

This test also uses the Browser keyword
`Wait until network is idle
<https://marketsquare.github.io/robotframework-browser/Browser.html#Wait%20Until%20Network%20Is%20Idle>`_

> before taking a screenshot. This is a convenient keyword that usually

Reviewer: What determines whether it really waits? What does "usually" mean?

Author: Weird. I don't know why I wrote "usually" there. It will always wait. <scratches head>. 

How about this?

> This is a keyword that
waits for there to be at least one instance of 500ms of no network
traffic on the page after it starts to load. This seems to be more reliable
and easier to use method than waiting for a page-specific element to
appear.

will wait until the page is fully rendered before returning, saving
the need to wait for some specific element to show up.

This test has no explicit waits for the buttons and links that it
clicks on. The underlying Playwright engine automatically waits for

> elements so there should almost never be a need for keywords such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elements, so there should almost never be a need for keywords such as
```
